README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

feat : Added individual product page

README.md, after:

# 🚀 Shadcn UI Admin Dashboard

Welcome to our Admin Dashboard built with Shadcn UI! This dashboard serves as a CMS, Admin, and API. It's a one-stop solution for managing multiple vendors/stores. 🏪

## 🎯 Features

- **Multi-Vendor Support**: Manage multiple stores like a "Shoe store", "Laptop store", or "Suit store". Our CMS generates individual API routes for each! 🛍️

- **Category Management**: Create, update, and delete categories with ease. 📂

- **Product Management**: Full control over product creation, updates, and deletion. 📦

- **Image Uploads**: Upload multiple images for products and change them whenever you want! 🖼️

- **Filter Management**: Create, update, and delete filters like "Color" and "Size", and match them in the product creation form. 🎨

- **Billboards**: Create, update, and delete "Billboards" - big texts on top of the page. Attach them to a single category or use them standalone. 📜

- **Search**: Search through all categories, products, sizes, colors, billboards with included pagination! 🔍

- **Featured Products**: Control which products are "featured" to show on the homepage! 🌟

- **Order and Sales Overview**: Keep track of your orders, sales, and more. 📈

- **Revenue Graphs**: Visualize your revenue with graphs. 💹

- **Clerk Authentication**: Learn how to implement Clerk Authentication! 🔐

- **Order Creation**: Manage and track order creation. 📝

- **Stripe Checkout**: Implement Stripe for secure checkouts. 💳

- **Stripe Webhooks**: Learn how to use Stripe webhooks for real-time notifications. 🕸️

- **MySQL + Prisma + AivenDb**: Dive into the world of MySQL, Prisma, and AivenDb. 🗄️

Stay tuned for more features and improvements! 🚧
